posts/denoeument-2019-tv.md, before:

---
draft: false
title: 'Denouement 2019: TV Shows'
date: 2020-01-21T12:00:00.000Z
summary: >-
  The TV Shows that impressed and disappointed me in 2019 | Reading time: XX minutes, XX seconds.
  
tags:
  - denouement
  - tv shows
---
\--

Peak TV. Urban Dictionary definition: The time period (roughly 2014 to 2018) during which society has devoted the maximum possible amount of resources to production of original television programming.

<p align="center"> — </p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">I Was Impressed By</h2>

![barry](/static/img/barry.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Barry (Season 2)</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![chernobyl](/static/img/chernobyl.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Chernobyl</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![homecoming](/static/img/homecoming.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Homecoming</figcaption>

The trailer got me when John David Washington (son of Denzel Washington) said, “With the right white man, you can do anything.” I chuckled, but it is, unfortunately, a harsh reality. Finding humor in despair, yadda-yadda.

It seems to be a dramedy about police in the 1970s, but then it dawns on you that there are people around who hold these antiquated (read: racist) views TODAY.

If anything, it reminded me that America, more than any other place has learned to flexibly ignore the legacy of the pain of black people and other minorities unless it is convenient for someone. The wounds might have healed, but the scars have remained in the form of direct racism and institutional racism.

Erm…go watch it? Okay?

<p align="center"> — </p>

![glow](/static/img/glow.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">GLOW (Season 3)</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![hotones](/static/img/hotones.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Hot Ones</figcaption>

I enjoy a hot / spicy meal every now and then, and now I get to watch celebrities of various backgrounds get interviewed by the always-cool Sean Evans. They say one of the best ways to get to know someone is by traveling with them. Hot Ones certainly makes you consider that spicy food might be another.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![mrrobot](/static/img/mrrobot.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Mr. Robot (Season 4)</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

![russiandoll](/static/img/russiandoll.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Russian Doll</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![thegoodplace](/static/img/thegoodplace.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">The Good Place</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

![watchmen](/static/img/watchmen-tv.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Watchmen</figcaption>

Race. Blackness. Writer’s room. Everybody looks like me. Listen to podcast after every 3rd episode.

It is EXTREMELY refreshing to watching something that doesn’t hold your hand and respects your intelligence as a viewer.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![yearsandyears](/static/img/yearsandyears.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Years & Years</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">I Was Disappointed By</h2>

![bodyguard](/static/img/bodyguard.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Bodyguard</figcaption>

A lot of recommendations for this one, and I’ve had an on/off crush on Keeley Hawes for a while. About six episodes…but strange thing start happening with the show’s plot about half-way through. Oh, what could have been.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![twilightzone](/static/img/twilightzone.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">The Twilight Zone</figcaption>

In my early teens, I had the benefit of watching the SciFi (now SyFy) channel on almost a daily basis. I was exposed to the original and 2002 versions of The Twilight Zone and this partly contributed to me writing short stories and flash fiction.

Having enjoyed Jordan Peele’s directorial debut, Get Out, and Us - I was excited to see what a new TWZ might bring. The jury’s still out on that one, I quit after episode 5. The acting is there, but not much else.

<p align="center"> — </p>

**Best of the Rest**

* *Daredevil (Season 3)* - A return to form after a weak sophomore season. Unfortunately, there won’t be any more.

* *La Casa de Papel (The Money Heist)* - Pure dumb fun, with superb acting on display. Perfect for a binge. Due to me speaking Portuguese, I can understand some Spanish. And let me tell you: the subtitles were lacking.

* *Love, Death + Robots* - A series of shorts animated in different styles. Some wicked highs, and some terrible lows. But worth a watch.

* *The Boys* - A tightly-written show elevated to greatness by Antony Starr’s Homelands.

* *The Deuce (Season 3)* - 

* *The Expanse* - It really scratched my hard sci-fi and world-building itch. Season 4 seems to be gone a bit too fantastical for my liking.

* *The Mandalorian* - It’s not even a well-written show. But is an enjoyable romp through the less glamorous parts of the Star Wats universe that understands its legacy and isn't crushed by its weight. Plus it gave us Baby Yoda, “I have spoken”, and “This is the way”. It’s only up from here.

* *The Righteous Gemstones* - After the superb Vice Principals, Danny McBride gives a dramedy that focuses on a mega-rich evangelical church. How does he keep knocking it out the park?

Commit message:

Minor Update #21
Changed to draft.

Added Homecoming text.

posts/denoeument-2019-tv.md, after:

---
draft: true
title: 'Denouement 2019: TV Shows'
date: 2020-01-22T12:00:00.000Z
summary: >-
  The TV Shows that impressed and disappointed me in 2019 | Reading time: XX minutes, XX seconds.
  
tags:
  - denouement
  - tv shows
---
\--

Peak TV. Urban Dictionary definition: The time period (roughly 2014 to 2018) during which society has devoted the maximum possible amount of resources to production of original television programming.

<p align="center"> — </p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">I Was Impressed By</h2>

![barry](/static/img/barry.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Barry (Season 2)</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![chernobyl](/static/img/chernobyl.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Chernobyl</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![homecoming](/static/img/homecoming.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Homecoming</figcaption>

My first experience with Julia Roberts was a 7-year old going to watch My Best Friends Wedding with family friends in Zimbabwe. Her smile lit up the screen every time she was on, and little did I know that I was watching an actress who is a master of her craft. Years later, she and Sam Esmail (creator of another favorite show of mine - Mr. Robot) joined forces to create a terrific 10 episodes of television based on the Homecoming podcast.

Man...Mrs. Roberts aged well.


<p align="center"> — </p>

![glow](/static/img/glow.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">GLOW (Season 3)</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![hotones](/static/img/hotones.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Hot Ones</figcaption>

I enjoy a hot / spicy meal every now and then, and now I get to watch celebrities of various backgrounds get interviewed by the always-cool Sean Evans. They say one of the best ways to get to know someone is by traveling with them. Hot Ones certainly makes you consider that spicy food might be another.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![mrrobot](/static/img/mrrobot.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Mr. Robot (Season 4)</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

![russiandoll](/static/img/russiandoll.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Russian Doll</figcaption>



<p align="center"> — </p>

![thegoodplace](/static/img/thegoodplace.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">The Good Place</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

![watchmen](/static/img/watchmen-tv.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Watchmen</figcaption>

Race. Blackness. Writer’s room. Everybody looks like me. Listen to podcast after every 3rd episode.

It is EXTREMELY refreshing to watching something that doesn’t hold your hand and respects your intelligence as a viewer.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![yearsandyears](/static/img/yearsandyears.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Years & Years</figcaption>


<p align="center"> — </p>

<h2 style="text-align: center;">I Was Disappointed By</h2>

![bodyguard](/static/img/bodyguard.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">Bodyguard</figcaption>

A lot of recommendations for this one, and I’ve had an on/off crush on Keeley Hawes for a while. About six episodes…but strange thing start happening with the show’s plot about half-way through. Oh, what could have been.

<p align="center"> — </p>

![twilightzone](/static/img/twilightzone.png#center)

<figcaption style="text-align: center;">The Twilight Zone</figcaption>

In my early teens, I had the benefit of watching the SciFi (now SyFy) channel on almost a daily basis. I was exposed to the original and 2002 versions of The Twilight Zone and this partly contributed to me writing short stories and flash fiction.

Having enjoyed Jordan Peele’s directorial debut, Get Out, and Us - I was excited to see what a new TWZ might bring. The jury’s still out on that one, I quit after episode 5. The acting is there, but not much else.

<p align="center"> — </p>

**Best of the Rest**

* *Daredevil (Season 3)* - A return to form after a weak sophomore season. Unfortunately, there won’t be any more.

* *La Casa de Papel (The Money Heist)* - Pure dumb fun, with superb acting on display. Perfect for a binge. Due to me speaking Portuguese, I can understand some Spanish. And let me tell you: the subtitles were lacking.

* *Love, Death + Robots* - A series of shorts animated in different styles. Some wicked highs, and some terrible lows. But worth a watch.

* *The Boys* - A tightly-written show elevated to greatness by Antony Starr’s Homelands.

* *The Deuce (Season 3)* - 

* *The Expanse* - It really scratched my hard sci-fi and world-building itch. Season 4 seems to be gone a bit too fantastical for my liking.

* *The Mandalorian* - It’s not even a well-written show. But is an enjoyable romp through the less glamorous parts of the Star Wats universe that understands its legacy and isn't crushed by its weight. Plus it gave us Baby Yoda, “I have spoken”, and “This is the way”. It’s only up from here.

* *The Righteous Gemstones* - After the superb Vice Principals, Danny McBride gives a dramedy that focuses on a mega-rich evangelical church. How does he keep knocking it out the park?
